MARRYING THE MAFIA 2:
ENEMY-IN-LAW MR.HOUSEWIFE
Mom!
Mom, Mom!
48 minutes and 37 seconds.
You took frigging long.
I could’ve been dead by now!
God damn it!
What happened?
What do you think?
It was a test to see
how fast you’d get here.
This whole thing was a test?
Listen.
A constant effort is needed
to protect our family.
You should be ready
at all times. Got it?
You have no faith in me.
It’s not that.
Your big brother did it, too.
Really?
How long did it take him?
Less than 30 minutes.
And he came alone.
I can’t believe
you brought two minions.
There’s no comparison, Mom.
I’m no match for him.
You’re right on that.
- You know what? I miss him.
- You’re at it again.
Mom!
What the hell happened?
Save it!
What’s this?
What the hell were you doing?
Beats me.
-You’re pathetic.
-It hurts.
Stop planting trees around.
You’ll build a forest
before you know it.
You’re beyond help, SOB!
Get a life!
Who was it?
Who kidnapped Mom?
It’s over, Bro.
Go finish planting a tree.
I’m always left in the dark.
Give it to me, Babe
Put it on a vibrating mode.
Boss.
It‘s time to go.
This is my favorite song.
- I know no songs.
- What?
You must be too busy
with your business
I like hard-working men
like yourself.
I go to work at 2 p.m.
and get off at 6.
God, that’s a life.
I don’t like a hectic life.
I like taking it easy.
And I drink every night.
Drinking?
I absolutely love it.
5 shots of boilermaker
get me, though.
Like a blinking light.
Hyo-jung, right?
- Do you have time?
- A lot.
What about pride?
None.
You’re senseless,
and I’m rude.
Let’s not waste time.
Excuse me.
Shit!
What could’ve gone wrong?
I’m sorry.
He’s so cool.
What’s wrong with her?
What kind of chick
would you like?
Let me tell you.
You’re too picky with girls.
You’ll never know.
Okay?
You okay, Boss?
You bastard!
Hi.
Hi, Miss Prosecutor.
Let go!
Bingo!
A padded bra?
What do you take yourself for?
An utility pole?
Have a seat.
It’s all there.
You can’t bribe me
with that.
No way.
I’ll have a box full of cash
delivered to you.
You don’t get it, do you?
Money won’t do.
Especially if it’s from
a thug like you.
You came to return the money,
wearing a wire?
To bust my ass?
Let me tell you.
I always check faces of those
that I’m arresting.
Don’t be so uptight.
Have some juice and relax.
We’ll talk then.
Thought I’d drink it?
I know your trick.
You put drugs in it!
You got me there.
I thought you might like
getting high.
-You son of a...
-Gulp it down.
Once you get high,
my boys will gang-bang you.
What?
A gangbang?
Why upset?
After the gangbang,
we’ll sell you off to an island.
Hey!
I’m KIM Jin-kyung,
a prosecutor of violent crimes!
A gangbang?
I’ll break your skull!
Sell me off to an island?
What the fuck do you take
a prosecutor for?!
I’ll kick your ass!
You drank it.
You’re... dead meat.
Strip her and take pictures.
My pleasure.
Bitch!
Hot!
Get her!
God damn it!
See which floor she gets off!
Mister, help me.
Miss!
Are you okay?
Wake up, Miss.
Miss?
Mind your own business
and hit the road.
I can’t do that.
You’ll regret it.
Beat it before I make you.
Asshole!
You son of a bitch!
What’s going on here?
When’d you become a cop?
I bought it at the market.
Anyway,
who were those fucks?
It stinks!
Why strip her?
Look at this.
I had no choice.
Have fun, Boss.
So strange.
She’s a carbon copy
of Jin-sook.
This tearoom is so nice.
This is the coolest one
in Seoul.
It’s called a café up here,
not a tearoom.
A café?
What does it mean?
“To hit”?
No.
A place to drink coffee.
Man, you’re such a genius.
Ready to order?
Shit, it’s all in English.
Coffee will do for me.
Make it cold.
You want an iced coffee?
- No, a cold coffee.
- Yes, an iced coffee.
No, a cold coffee
with ice in it!
- Make it ice-cold.
- Beat it!
I can’t believe that bitch.
Why can’t she just get us
what we order?
They must be out
of cold coffee.
What’s this?
You do have a cold coffee.
Why’d you lie?
She must’ve borrowed some
from next door.
Wait.
We didn’t order this.
They give you an extra
here in Seoul.
-So it’s like a baby?
-That’s right.
- Too sweet!
- You’re sweeter!
She made it too sweet.
Too bitter!
That bitch ruined it.
So bitter.
You had a close call.
It’s not broken, is it?
Penis never gets broken,
but torn off.
Some ignorant thugs say,
“My cock is broken.”
But let me tell you.
That’s just plain wrong.
Okay.
But it’s...
Oh, these metal balls?
I had to remove them
for the procedure.
How many?
2, 4, 6, 8, 10.
You put in so many.
We don’t use these cheap,
low-quality balls.
A lot of side effects,
and very bad for your body.
I see.
At our hospital, we only use
top-quality metal balls.
You want them inserted?
No. I think I can do
without them.
Suit yourself.
Until your penis heals...
You need to keep this on
for a few days.
Should I put it on you?
Once you get high,
my boys will gang-bang you.
After the gangbang,
I’ll sell you off to an island.
Weren’t you cold?
Who are you?
Why are you naked?
Do you know who I am?
That’s...
Answer me now!
You don’t remember?
Last night in the parking lot...
The parking lot?
What did you do to me?
Nothing. You were unconscious,
and I didn’t know where you live.
So you brought me here?
It’s not what you think.
You touched me, didn’t you?
You’re dead!
I never touched you!
You did me with
that ugly thing!
Nothing happened.
Trust me.
Stay back, or I’ll kill you.
Where are my clothes?
Bring them!
Is she okay?
Damn!
You plant trees
in and out of the house.
You should be awarded.
Arbor Day isn’t the only day
to plant trees.
I’m a bare mountain.
You’re overdoing it again.
Okay, fine.
I’ll turn you into a jungle.
Good morning, Sir.
Let’s see.
Was it good, Boss?
It’s not that.
Don’t be shy with me.
Nothing happened.
No shit.
How’s that possible?
You remember my ex,
Jin-sook?
One with a crazy perm?
Yeah, I remember her.
Doesn’t she look like her?
- Very much so, Boss.
- Right.
So you banged her all night
until your cock got swollen?
I said nothing happened.
Pull your pants up.
Okay.
And...
- Come here.
- Okay.
Your damn fly is open.
- Let me zip it.
- You can’t go in there!
- How are you?
- Who are you?
We’re social workers
from ‘Share Love.’
So what?
You can help the needy
and share love.
So you’re saying
you wanna help the poor...
By extorting money from us?
That’s not it.
If you make a donation...
That’s extortion!
You bastard!
Let me teach you who we are.
Jong-myun.
Once we help them,
they’ll come back for more.
Life is pain.
They need to be independent.
You don’t watch the news?
That famous doctor has
succeeded in copying humans...
...and Babel Prize...
Son of a bitch!
- Hey.
- Yes, Boss?
You’re not making sense.
I’m sorry.
He got me too upset.
Come here.
Okay.
1 grand?!
Here’s my name card.
Call me anytime.
I can drop by and tell you
all about our work.
Your family name is JANG.
Family origin?
It’s Ik-san.
Really?
Me, too!
Is that right?
What family are you from?
- White Tiger Family.
- White tiger?
Wanna join the family?
Good with knives?
Thank you.
Bye.
Nice meeting you.
We JANGs are all handsome.
-Jin-kyung!
-BONG.
What happened last night?
Are you okay?
You got me worried sick.
I’m fine, am I not?
You’re gonna let them go?
No way.
Pick them up right now.
A little bird told me that
they traffic drugs.
I’m waiting for a bigger bust.
- I’m so sorry.
- No problem.
Jin-kyung, it’s a CCTV tape
from that hotel.
- Of the parking lot?
- Right.
Bite your teeth hard, asshole.
You feel that?
Come on, keep your head up.
Not too high, asshole.
You feel that?
We’re not done yet!
You’re pathetic.
Why are you messing around
with a sandbag?
What’d it do to you?
I have to train constantly
to protect our family.
Prevention is better
than cure.
How about trying harder in bed
if you value the family?
What are you saying?
Producing children is also
helping the family.
What?
Stop nagging me, bitch,
before I make you.
It hurts.
Let go of my arm.
Right now!
Let me jog your memory.
I ruled the high school.
Don’t forget that.
Don’t push the button.
Mother’s looking for you.
This is embarrassing.
- You called them in Seoul?
- Yes.
And?
They tried to hook him up,
but he turned them all down.
What?
Go to Seoul and find him a wife
by my birthday next month.
Understood?
Okay, Mom.
By my birthday!
Hello? Young-mi?
It’s me, Suk-jae.
I bought you a cell phone.
Remember?
One with a thick accent.
I’m coming to Seoul today.
Anything you want?
What dung?
Louis VuiDung?
You want me
to buy you dung?
You’re hurting me!
Oh, it’s a brand name?
No problem.
I’ll call you
when I’m in town.
Not too hard!
Who on earth would name
their brand Dung?
You never buy me
anything.
You’re not pretty enough.
You buy her Louis Vuitton.
Why not me?
You’re a hooker,
and she’s not.
Be grateful that I hire you
once a week!
Suk-jae, keep it up,
and I’ll tell your wife!
You’re so hot-tempered.
Okay, fine.
I’ll buy you dung, too.
- Really?
- Of course.
You hold onto boobs all day.
What are you, a calf?
We’re leaving now.
Can I finish
what I’ve started?
There are boobs in Seoul, too.
Where’s the fire?
That asshole is too pushy.
We’ll finish this later.
Okay.
Who is it?
Right after I fell asleep!
Hi.
- Can I come in?
- Sure, but...
Bravo!
Sorry about this morning.
I didn’t know you’d saved me.
Well... it’s nothing.
Thanks for saving my life.
No, don’t mention it.
I don’t even know your name.
You want to?
Yes...
My name is...
Bro.
Was I in your dream, Bro?
Were you dreaming?
- Suk-jae.
- Yeah, it’s me.
What are you doing here?
Mom sent us.
Why?
We were told to find you a wife
by her birthday.
Otherwise, she’s gonna marry you
to any girl she sees.
She’s at it again.
What can we do?
We have to bring back you
and your wife-to-be.
Don’t worry.
I’ll handle it.
Since you’re here,
Why don’t we go drinking?
I want to.
But I gotta go buy dung
and plant a tree.
I’ll take a rain check.
We should let him rest.
Let’s go.
- Go back to bed.
- Sleep tight.
It’s not locked.
It’s open.
I don’t have any laundry to...
Hi.
What brings you here?
- To return your clothes.
- Yes...
Sorry about this morning.
I wasn’t myself
and forgot to thank you.
Okay then.
Bye.
- Can I have your name card?
- Sure.
You’re a social worker?
How nice.
Can I have yours?
I don’t have one.
But I’ll call you tomorrow.
Your name?
Jin-kyung.
KIM Jin-kyung.
Jong-myun?
You have that guy’s card
from Share Love?
Yeah, that one.
Buy out his number
by morning.
Are you eating, Boss?
What do I look like I’m doing?
Sorry.
- How did it go?
- It’s been taken care of.
Good.
What’s going on out there?
Should I knock your teeth out?
Keep you head up.
Don’t I look familiar?
Your guts are spilling all over.
Stop hitting me.
How could you extort money
from a gangster?
- I didn’t.
- Shut up!
Where were you thinking?
We were just trying to help
those in need.
Where’s this society going?
Asshole!
Look.
What’s going on?
You told him to get him,
didn’t you?
I know things are tough
these days.
But extorting money
from a gangster?
That’s completely crazy.
I told you to get his number.
Not his organization, fool.
- I’m sorry, Boss.
- You’re an idiot!
What the fuck goes on
in your damn head?
Suk-jae, What can I do with this head?
You can use it
to balance yourself, asshole.
That’s right.
Nobody can beat this deal.
Hold on a second.
Share Love.
May I help you?
KIM Jin-kyung?
I’ll fucking put you...
I’ll put you through.
It’s KIM Jin-kyung, sir.
Jin-kyung? Hi.
What? Dinner?
You took care of it?
Yes, we gave them money
for hospital.
And we’ll meet later to discuss
our partnership.
- Good.
- Sure.
- What about name cards?
- Right here.
Why social work suddenly?
It’s not our cup of tea.
If we’re gonna do it,
let’s change the name first.
‘Share Love’ is so corny.
Isn’t it?
Yeah, it sounds like
we are promoting orgies.
Right.
Any ideas?
It’s a global age.
Why don’t we make it in English?
Anything good in mind?
Of course!
We are introducing
a new business.
So we’re like a MC.
Right.
A MC launching a business...
What about ‘MC Business’?
You must study English hard.
You go to an academy?
But it‘s too difficult.
Yes, we‘re not good at English.
Korean is better.
It‘s your problem.
I study hard these days.
Do you know what an
orange is called in English?
Orange?
I know it... Orange... Orange...
It‘s... It‘s on the tip of my tongue.
Orange, orange... Hey, Jon-myun!
You can tell me instead of me.
Jong-myun, do you know it?
How can I know it.
- You don‘t know me yet?
- Why are you yelling at me? Bitch!
I forget again because he yelled.
So tell me what is it?
You all idiots.
It‘s Delmont!
Right, Delmont!
I only remembered Del.
Maybe there‘s an eraser in my head.
So get it out, fool.
What a pity.
I almost remembered.
- Seok-jae.
- Yes, bro.
What is Sunkist in English?
Why you didn‘t tell you saved me?
I‘m OK if you are safe.
Dae-su, I have a question
about your business.
‘Sharing Love’.
Can you tell me about it?
Well...
we establish a healthy contribution culture
and help needy neighbor...and...
It‘s a great job.
But I don‘t know what you do yet.
Me? I‘m an... official.
Ah, you serve your country.
So what were you doing at the hotel?
Well, I had something to return...
If you have problem again, call me.
I‘ll give you a new name card.
Jang In-jae? The name is changed.
It was Dae-su in old one.
Dae-su Jang In-jae.
It‘s my alias.
Wow, you have an alias?
I‘ll do it for you.
Where did you go?
I‘m waiting for you.
Why?
What‘s that?
I prepared this for your wedding.
Watch carefully and pick one.
I‘m OK, you pick one.
I don‘t need it.
I‘m already married.
I‘m seeing someone.
So don‘t do that again.
You have girlfriend?
I had dinner with her.
Wow, my brother finally
get a tree to plant?
Is she beautiful?
She‘s beautiful, and a public official.
Public official? That‘s nice.
Mom always wanted
a smart daughter in law.
Well, your wife is an ignorant person.
Son of bitch! I know that.
Someone‘s here.
Open the door.
What did you say?
It‘s a letter massage.
Who?
That...
Hey, let letter massage come in.
Where are you going?
You two are fool brothers.
What is it?
It‘s smuggled goods from China
‘Breast cream’.
Breast cream? What‘s that?
You haven‘t heard of it?
It makes woman‘s boobs get bigger.
Wow, that‘s amazing.
Hey, you want one?
What?
You‘ve got to be kidding.
Or two?
Hyo-suck, you want some?
I don‘t need it.
What are you doing?
Ah, I‘m working.
What?
You look like you‘re trying to
cover something up.
I have nothing to hide.
That‘s not true.
You can‘t avoid my intuition.
What‘s this? What?
What are you doing?
Let me see.
I got it!
I‘m very good at collecting evidence.
Jang In-jae, Sharing Love.
You didn‘t have dinner with me
because of him?
Stop it, it‘s not funny.
You‘re evading a statement now.
You‘re asking a leading question.
Well, are you free tonight?
I‘m sorry, today is tough.
Are you going to meet that guy?
It seems like a personal relationship.
Let‘s drop it, OK?
Get out, please.
You have the right to refuse
to answer questions.
OK, let‘s stop here.
She‘s strange.
Hello.
Yes, Jin-kyung.
OK, sure.
See you later.
Look at you.
You‘re smiling from ear to ear.
He‘s totally falling in love.
Yes.
You already sleep with her?
Who knows?
Their love will be matured.
Tell us honestly, bro.
Did you sleep with her?
I can‘t even hold her hand yet.
What? Even hand? What the hell...?
Why didn‘t you do anything?
When you meet a girl.
Your rhythm is the most important thing.
Only my rhythm.
I feel heavy.
I did it only in my mind.
Boss, I have...
I have good idea.
The theater is the best
place to kiss a girl, Boss.
If you choose a horror movie,
all you have to do is just sit down.
Shit!
- Don‘t say anything from now on.
- Yes, boss.
I brought burning shame
on myself.
So why did you believe me, boss.
What‘s wrong?
What‘s this?
It‘s inferior crap!
Damn it... In-jae?
What, now?
I‘m about to go out.
OK, I‘m right there.
If you wanna feel her boobs,
a motorcycle is the best.
Because she cannot help
holding you tight.
- Jin-kyung, Hold tight!
- W...wait!
Seok-jae, thank you.
It‘s working, isn‘t it?
That‘s why I said
I‘m expert about erotic love.
Give me another chance.
How about going to a theme park?
Riding the rollercoaster...
- Jong-myun.
- Isn‘t it good?
- Shut up.
- Yes, boss.
Jong-myun?
In-jae?
Maybe you‘re busy, now.
Today was so great.
Actually I have something to tell you.
I can‘t hide it anymore.
I‘m a prosecutor in charge
of crimes of violence.
It doesn‘t match me.
- Jong-myun.
- Yes, boss.
- Give me a cigarette.
- What?
Please, kill me.
Keep that idiot in the house, please.
He‘s useless to your life.
This son of a bitch made my brother
take up smoking.
Hey, give me an axe quickly.
Mother Fucker, you wanted to beat us?
Did you think we‘re a kind of drum?
Anyway I want to investigate
your organization.
Hold his leg!
Stop it.
You don‘t need to do that.
Bro, this sucker turned on our followers.
You have to set a good example.
So let‘s fuck him up!
He has no charge.
His boss made him to do that.
- I feel so heavy!
- I‘m gonna go nuts!
It‘s your lucky day.
Go and buy a lottery ticket.
- What‘s your name?
- Kwang-ki.
- Kwang-ki? Is your family name Kwang?
- Jo Kwang-ki.
I know, I know Jo Kwang-ki.
Go and tell your boss.
If he leaves me alone,
I‘ll leave him alone, too.
What did he say?
If I leave him alone, he‘ll leave me alone, too?
- Yes.
- You scumbag!
Did I tell you to go and
be their messenger?
No.
Don‘t answer back, fucker.
So now you stand on their side?
If you make a mistake one more time.
I‘ll take off your hand, OK?
I captured the movement of the Axe.
Last night Yun Do-sick failed
to get the Aquus night club.
The Aquus night club?
Yes, there‘s white tiger
who coming up from Yeo-soo.
That night club belongs to them.
Maybe they wanna enter into Seoul.
White tiger? Can you make me
a genealogy of the White tigers?
Sure.
Why they didn‘t stay at Yeo-soo
and they came up to Seoul for what?
We‘ll arrest both Axe and
White tiger this time.
Don‘t hesitate, you‘ve got to get information
about them as quickly as you can.
Our meetings over.
How about cold soup?
I used to skip over breakfast.
Well, how about dinner?
I know a great restaurant where they
cook chickens fed with lacquer plants.
I‘m allergic to lacquer.
So how about spicy chicken?
There‘s my favorite house in Jong-ro 3th.
I have a reservation to eat Chicken soup.
You were surprised.
No, no.
People look on female prosecutor
with a jaundiced eye.
Why?
They think we are spiteful.
Well, I‘m little tough actually.
Of course they have to be tough.
I have no secret now.
How about you?
Mr. Bong?
Markes de Riscal...
it‘s a perfect wine for
romantic guy like me.
What do you think?
It‘s good.
Anyway, you have something to tell me?
Ah, that is...
Why do you hesitate?
Here‘s your dessert, sir.
- Jin-kyung, will you marry me?
- What?
I‘ve been watching you for 3 years.
I was thinking a lot.
You deserve to get me.
Well, wait a second.
Where is the rest room?
Follow me, please.
What?
Is he a fool? I never go out with him.
In-jae? I have dinner with a colleague.
In-jae, Are you drunk?
What, you‘re going to come here?
I always miss you so much.
But you‘re not as close
as you in my mind.
Looking at worn out picture of you.
Excuse me, did you see the guy?
- Maybe he‘s gone because he‘s in shock.
- What?
You refused his proposal.
I always miss you.
Where did you go?
I see you in my tear.
Come back to me, please.
What the...
Come back to me.
Please come back to me.
I‘m always thinking of you.
You can‘t avoid my ardent love.
Please come back to me.
I always miss you.
Where did you go?
I see you in my tear.
Come back to me, please.
You had one too many.
No, I didn‘t drink too much.
Can we talk?
OK, let‘s get out of here.
You can‘t avoid my ardent love.
Please come back to me.
What‘s wrong with you?
It‘s the first time I see you drunk.
Actually, today is my birthday so...
What? Why didn‘t you tell me?
I usually drink alone.
Wait here.
Happy birthday.
There‘s something you
have to know about me.
- Actually, I‘m...
- I‘II get it as time goes by.
No, it‘s too late...
What you did and Who you met
it‘s not important for me.
I really don‘t care.
if you can stay with me from now.
I‘m relieved at what you said.
There was a dark age in my life.
I understand.
But it makes you like you.
It‘s impossible you were a gangster.
So you are enough for me.
Happy birthday.
- You‘re still working?
- Yes, what is it?
White tiger‘s genealogy.
Give me.
That‘s OK, give me.
- How are you?
- Fine, and you?
Hello.
Here you are.
I was sorry yesterday.
But I...
White tiger
What the hell is it?
You‘re kidding me?
I don‘t have time to that.
You can believe what you see.
Jang In-jae is a fucking gangster.
That oily, hooknose fucking gangster.
It‘s impossible.
I cannot believe this picture.
It‘s a different person
with the same name.
It‘s ridiculous.
I know him very well.
Jin-kyung, are you an idiot?
That motherfucker is lying to you.
No, he saved my life
when I met Axe‘s boss, Do-sick.
He saved me.
Anyway never meet him again.
He certainly has a plot in mind.
Take care, boss.
Take care.
- Take care, boss.
- OK.
Do not loaf on the job in the office!
- Jin-kyung.
- In-jae.
You didn‘t answer the phone all day.
What‘s wrong?
Nothing, just because I was so busy today.
Why didn‘t you call me?
I worried.
I‘m sorry.
Did you eat dinner?
You look so pale, are you OK?
I‘m just so tired.
You wanna eat something?
No, it‘s better take a rest.
I see, OK...
Something to tell me?
Well... My mother‘s birthday is
the day after tomorrow.
Really? Congratulations.
I have to go.
You washed yourself too hard.
Your tattoo must be erased.
For mom‘s birthday party.
- Seok-jae.
- Yes, bro.
Do you like that?
I mean family business, gangster.
Hey, who wants to be a gangster?
But it‘s our family business and my job.
Why? You don‘t like it?
No, I don‘t like it.
I don‘t wanna do this anymore.
You cannot say that.
You‘re our leader.
Why do you suddenly say that?
It‘s your girlfriend?
She doesn‘t like you
because you‘re a gangster?
Do you remember father‘s word?
Father said that a woman is
just an obstacle to a man.
A good girl is someone who waits
for man... like furniture.
It‘s so difficult
to meet a good girl.
But you‘re the boss who‘s leading us.
So think carefully.
Prosecutor.
White tiger haven‘t any criminal
records in Seoul.
It was contrary to our expectation.
Good job.
This is the information you asked.
Contribution Data
Come here, bitch.
What the hell is this flower?
It‘s not a graduation ceremony.
Woo, what is it?
Ah, good job.
Write down your name.
Welcome, come in.
Why don‘t you bring your girlfriend?
I said it‘s my desire.
I‘m sorry.
I‘ll bring her in the near future.
President No
Flowers for my mom?
What‘s the occasion?
Hyo-ri, Seven, Eric, Bee...
It‘s a collection of all the stars.
Spider, Turtle, Chicken...
You opened a zoo?
What‘s all these animals?
These are names of singers!
Really? What kind of name is it?
It so weird.
S-papa? Who‘s papa is it?
I‘m Kim Duck-man.
Let me see.
It‘s not a birthday party for baby.
You think my mom is a one year baby?
Take it back, fucker.
Wait, what‘s your name?
I apologize.
I‘ll buy something else.
Jong-myun, follow him
and watch he‘s going back here.
Yes.
How many?
Freeze or I‘ll kill you today...
Jin-kyung, how could you...
It‘s your mother‘s birthday.
Of course I have to come.
- Who‘s this lady?
- Well, she is...
Hello, my name is Kim Jin-kyung.
Happy birthday to you.
What? So you tell a lie?
You‘re so cute today!
What a beautiful girl.
Thank you for coming.
It took such a long time
to come here from Seoul.
Hello, I‘m second brother
Jang Seok-jae.
How are you?
You got fur on the tongue?
What happened to your way of talking?
What are you doing?
Come in with her.
Yes, mom.
Let‘s go, hurry.
Hey, who is that bitch?
Why does she take that bitch?
Watch your mouth.
She‘s a fiancé of In-jae.
It‘s so weird.
She‘s very similar with Jin-sook.
Jin-sook? You‘re right.
He surely has his own style.
He likes the girl who looks
like anchovy‘s head.
We already broke up.
So don‘t cry when you‘re sad.
Do not have lingering affection.
It‘s too late.
And hide your tear, save your tear.
Loneliness is more painful than parting.
Oh, you‘re so sexy.
Just cry when you miss her.
Happy birthday, Mrs. Hong.
My name is Nu Hun-a.
Hi, Mrs. Hong.
- Congratulation!
- Thank you.
- You look very good, Mrs. Hong.
Look, she‘ll be
the eldest daughter-in-Iaw.
- So pretty!
- Of course.
This is Cheon, he owns almost
all the room salons in Sun-cheon.
Stop it, please.
I am ashamed.
This is Park, from Kwang-ju.
Nice to see you.
Every pimp in Kwang-ju knows his name.
He goes into prison so often
that you can see his face in TV.
Be a good person, bitch.
This is Yosimura Sato Sang, from Japan.
What does she do?
She‘s a public official.
Do you know how hard it is
being a public official?
- I know.
- Official?
She‘s working at...
At the Public Prosecutor’s Office.
She‘s familiar with prosecutors!
Public Prosecutor’s Office?
It‘s such a hard work place for a woman.
So what‘s your duty?
I‘m prosecutor of violent crimes.
My God!
So... you doing...
I throw gangsters into prison.
Fuck.
- Mrs. Hong.
- Yes?
- I‘m sorry but I have to go now.
- OK, ok, you can go.
Sorry but my mother is sick.
What? She almost dead? Go.
- Me too...
- Yes, just go, go.
Everybody go now.
Hurry up, go.
I was born at bust day.
So you are...
You‘re the honorable prosecutor Kim...
Please drop the honorific title.
No, how can I do that.
You‘re a prosecutor.
Can I... do that?
Of course you can.
Excuse me, but that gun is registered?
Sure.
I always follow the law.
That‘s good.
It‘s the voluntary reporting period
for illegal weapons.
Those are toy guns!
You can try it immediately if you want.
That knife looks very sharp.
It‘s used to make Sasimi.
Yeo-soo is famous of fish.
But some people use that knife on human.
What? It‘s horrible.
I‘m an ordinary house wife,
so I only see that in movies.
Boss, a terrible accident!
I‘m busy now, talk you later.
Popeye family attacked the Amazon!
What? That fucker attacked us?
He visited us after a long time.
What happened?
Maybe he came to here to meet Olive.
Talk to him has a good time.
Why didn‘t you respond to
that motherfucker‘s attack!
You‘re a foul-mouthed fucker.
Go and watch your business.
Don‘t quarrel with each other.
Get along together, do some patty-cake.
- It‘s so strange.
- What?
You‘re very similar to my old friend.
Really? What does she do?
She had a serious relationship with In-jae.
They almost got engaged...huh!
Really?
What am I saying?
Sorry, I‘m crazy.
I‘ll keep a secret, please tell me.
OK.
I met Jin-sook more than
ten years before.
Both of us were very famous in here.
She and I ran a neck-and-neck race
when we met.
After that, I could have
been washed up
but she didn‘t throw me away.
She and In-jae are most
famous couple here.
It‘s combination of male and female boss.
Nobody could touch them.
But someday...
Mugunghaw flower bloom!
You so cute.
I wish it never happened...
Why do these damn tears come out.
Sorry about it.
I miss her so much.
Good bye, mother.
OK, take care.
And you call me later.
Yes, mom.
- Bye.
- Be careful.
Is it OK? She‘s a prosecutor.
It does not matter.
It‘s a family honor.
She can be the enemy‘s in-Iaw.
She doesn‘t know about us yet?
I don‘t know.
If she knows, it will be over.
Are you fool?
She saw all scumbags in the party hall.
- Let‘s go inside.
- Yes, mother.
You go first.
Do you think I‘m a dupe?
You think I get deceived forever?
You get blackmailed from others
and help needy neighbors?
I‘m sorry.
Did you sell the nightclub so the profit
could go to your organization?
I‘m not a genius
but I know what I have to do for.
A prosecutor can‘t fail in love
with a gangster.
So I‘ll have to change.
How can I believe what you said?
I love you so much.
If I do gangster‘s job one more time,
You can put handcuffs on me.
Damn it.
How are you...
What are you doing?
What are you doing now?
You cannot do this.
Kyung-jae!
What‘s that? Tell me.
Do you know what you did?
Our father achieved all for us.
How dare you destroy them all?
You sold the night club and everything.
Fucking social work organization!
So how can we live from right now?
We are on the verge of starvation.
What the hell is
social work?
You‘re a gangster so act like a gangster.
I‘m not a gangster anymore.
What? You‘re not a gangster?
Are you crazy now?
Whole family is made of gangsters,
why not you?
You throw the entire family away
for that bitch?
This tiger is not a tiger anymore.
I‘ll erase this and erase you.
- What! What is this?
- What?
I‘m your brother too!
You don‘t know it?
So what?
I‘m always an outcast... Damn it.
What did you say to In-jae?
Shit, I said I‘ll not betray
family for woman.
Don‘t make me mad, I‘ll kill you all!
He‘s also painful.
Try to understand him.
Damn it, you‘re on his side.
Go to him!
I‘ll be a lonely gangster
in the wasteland.
Hey, fucker! Kyung-jae!
I‘m neutral.
Boss, we‘re in big trouble.
Fucking Axes kidnapped your brothers.
Are you Jang In-jae?
What bring you here?
I said let‘s not fight each other.
Only you said, I‘m not.
I didn‘t agree with you.
Boss!
Bro, bro.
You guys OK?
We came here as soon as possible
because you‘re kidnapped by Axes.
They indulge in petty wiles.
I‘ll kill you all tonight.
It‘s my job...
You have the right to remain silent
and refuse to answer questions.
Hey, Jin-kyung!
Why did you hand in your resignation?
It‘s not your fault! You‘re innocent!
- You want?
- I quit.
OK, have a long life.
Just be careful that you
don‘t get stabbed.
Anyway why did you fight
with a small fry?
What a great social worker.
Hey, look at me and talk.
Who is the real boss of
your organization?
It‘s your mother, right?
It‘s my organization.
My mom is an old lady,
what can she do?
And my brothers just own
little shop which I gave.
You take all blame? I‘m touched.
That is a gangster‘s oath?
Not an oath, it‘s the truth.
So release my brothers
and put me in prison.
Do you dare to patronize me?
Jin-kyung, long time no see.
How are you?
Are you OK?
Yes, I‘m sorry.
Why you say that?
It‘s totally not your fault.
Don‘t care.
What bring you here?
I received a letter before.
I want give it to you.
You look so tired, go inside.
Mom, do you like Jin-kyung?
I wanna spend my life with her.
She‘s a very good person.
Mom, if I get marry her
I cannot be a gangster anymore.
A gangster cannot be
a prosecutor‘s husband.
Actually I started a social
work organization recently.
So I sold some stores
without your permission.
I‘m sorry I didn‘t tell you before.
But how about we‘ll be good people
from now on?
- Mother.
- Yes.
Here‘s water.
Hey, can you put poultice on my back?
I feel sharp pains all over my body.
It‘s so painful.
OK.
This part twinges.
Mother, you suffer from ennui.
Is there anything you wanted to do?
Tell me if you wanna go somewhere.
I really wanted to
go to a public bathhouse.
But I couldn‘t go there with all
my tattoos for forty years.
Mother...
I made my children into gangsters.
It was all my fault.
I shouldn‘t have done that.
All rise!
Mother, where‘s our attorney?
Shut up.
What‘s going on?
Sit down.
Attorney is not present yet?
I‘m sorry I‘m late.
Case number 2005 1325
The trial is now in session.
About the matter of violence
for Jang In-jae.
The accused used violence
against Yun Do-sick and 28
on the night of the 23rd of June, right?
Yes.
The accused also used
violence against Jo Kwang-ki
at Aquus night club
in Sin-sa Dong, right?
Yes.
You ordered it all directly, right?
No, it was me!
I ordered all of it!
It‘s not true, it was me!
No, no, listen to me, please.
It was me!
Keep quiet or I‘ll order
you out of the room.
The accused knows
about Sharing Love?
Yes.
Can you explain what it is?
It‘s a social work organization.
What‘s your position in Sharing Love?
I‘m a representative.
‘Sharing Love’ is social organization
which is founded at 1996.
After managing
the ‘Sharing Love’ organization,
he has changed it from a small
poor community club
into a large community
service organization.
This is the contribution data of
the accused Jan In-jae‘s company.
Objection! The accused used
Sharing Love as a front
for criminal enterprise.
Can you explain what it is?
It is because he wanted to make a
favorable impression on his
attorney Kim Jin-kyung.
They‘ve been going out
each other for 3 months.
So I insist that she has
no right to defend this case.
Haven‘t you?
I have something to tell you.
Who are you?
I‘m the one who got a favor from In-jae.
What are you doing?
I didn‘t do anything.
It hurts!
You have two previous convictions
for breaking into safes, right?
Cock sucker.
It was so long time ago.
I‘m retired after my marriage.
Our winning is up to you.
You can do it.
Yes, there was some
problem between he and I
so I attempted to meet Jang In-jae.
But he attacked me that night.
- Here.
- The whole place was a mess.
And He broke everything, hit everyone.
You were so scared.
Of course, I can‘t even sleep.
As you heard.
- Jin-kyung, go for it!
- Go.
Cross examine, please.
It‘s occupied... huh? You bitch!
Talk to you later.
I would like to produce evidence.
Hey, this is recording now?
Yes, boss.
Why you wanna record this?
How can we believe prosecutor Bong?
I‘m recording this tape in case.
He cannot betray us!
So you understand?
Sure, you want to set a trap
for Jang In-jae.
Anyway I‘m planning to suck him up.
Can I believe you?
Don‘t worry about it.
Just carry out my order.
And watch your mouth.
OK, I believe you.
Sure.
Your honor! It‘s a trap!
Who is that guy?
The tape I‘m about to show you
will embarrass you as it has me.
Mr. Bong has brought shame
to all prosecutors
who work for protecting justice,
I‘m so upset.
In-jae fell into trap
just because he was a gangster.
He is the real victim in this case.
You‘ve got to investigate Mr. Bong,
and make sure that
he pays for his crime.
Our hometown.
We cannot forgive Mr. Bong!
Motherfucker!
Yes!
Stop!
the ceremony of disbanding
Be born again
I don‘t know why I‘m so nervous.
Don‘t hang your head.
She was a prosecutor
but we‘re historic family.
I‘m Hong Duck-ja.
Sure, women are more
powerful in our family.
Shut up, bitch!
Wow, are you Duck-ja?
Hong Duck-ja!
Sweetheart?
Mom, today is our day...
Shut up, I‘m meeting my first love
so don‘t disturb me.
What?
I remember
you were such a cute little girl.
You were cute too, sweetheart.
I wanna get married, mom.
That‘s OK, you have such a boyish face.
Dad, you don‘t want me to marry?
You‘re so young, not even thirty.
We have to reconsider this wedding.
Hey, let‘s just the two of us talk.
That‘s good.
- Dad!
- M... mom!
Mom!